[backports-release-1.9] add pkgimages to NEWS (#48286)
JuliaLang/julia: NEWS.md

Compiler/Runtime improvements
-----------------------------

* The package precompilation process now saves native code into a "pkgimage", meaning that code generated during the
  precompilation process will not require compilation after package load, resulting in much faster time to first

>   execution (TTFX), often referred to as time to first plot ([#44527]) ([#47184]).

Reviewer: Would it be better to start with the consequence, and then describe how it was done? I.e., "Time to first execution (TTFX, sometimes called time to first plot) is greatly reduced. Package precompilation ..."

> * The package precompilation process now saves native code into a "pkgimage", meaning that code generated during the
>   precompilation process will not require compilation after package load, resulting in much faster time to first
>   execution (TTFX), often referred to as time to first plot ([#44527]) ([#47184]).

Author: ```suggestion
* Time to first execution (TTFX, sometimes called time to first plot) is greatly reduced. Package precompilation now
  saves native code into a "pkgimage", meaning that code generated during the precompilation process will not
  require compilation after package load. Use of pkgimages can be disabled via `--pkgimages=no` ([#44527]) ([#47184]).
```

Author: @timholy look ok? Perhaps we can finalize in a thread to save unnecessary CI runs

Reviewer: Oh, I responded to the PR but I guess I mean I like this version.

Author: Got it. Thanks
